Fixed some issues on Generic Export Indicators Service (#17320)
demisto/content: Packs/EDL/ReleaseNotes/3_0_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Generic Export Indicators Service

> - Fixed an issue that blank lines was added at the end of the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that blank lines were mistakenly added at the end of the list.
```
